Update branding in docs (#2)
ROCm/rocprofiler-systems: docs/what-is-rocprof-sys.rst

.. meta::

>    :description: ROCm Systems Profiler documentation and reference
>    :keywords: rocprof-sys, rocprofiler-systems, Omnitrace, ROCm, profiler, tracking, visualization, tool, Instinct, accelerator, AMD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: ROCm Systems Profiler introduction, explanation, and reference
   :keywords: rocprof-sys, rocprofiler-systems, Omnitrace, ROCm, profiler, explanation, introduction, what is, tracking, visualization, tool, Instinct, accelerator, AMD
```
